README.md, before:

# VoxelMapConverter
Tool to convert Ace of Spades maps to MagicaVoxel files for use in Sectors Edge map making.

Ace of Spades was originally by Ben Aksoy. http://ace-spades.com

Later by Jagex. https://store.steampowered.com/app/224540/Ace_of_Spades_Battle_Builder/

MagicaVoxel by Ephtracy. https://ephtracy.github.io/

Check out Sector's Edge by Vercidium: https://sectorsedge.com

Special thanks to Timotheeee1 for letting me see his code for a similar project.

Ace of Spades map format: https://silverspaceship.com/aosmap/aos_file_format.html 
Note that Jagex AoS map files can be higher than 64 blocks tall

Vox format: https://github.com/ephtracy/voxel-model

# How to use
Download the Program folder with the .exe and support files 

Place Ace of Spades .vxl map in the Program folder and run the program

Put in the Ace of Spades map name. (If you want to convert MyMap.vxl, put in "MyMap")

Tell the program if you want it to keep the ocean blocks (Sector's Edge will not use them...)

Let the program parse the map.

Choose how many unique colors the map should keep. Can maximum be 251 due to MagicaVoxel limitations.

Give the program the name of the output file. Leave empty to use input name for output name.

Let the program write the .vox file.

Find the output file next to the program when done. 

Note that Ace of Spades maps have a bunch of "solid" blocks that it doesn't store color for. All these blocks are given color index 1 and can be changed in MagicaVoxel.
Sectors Edge has a number of block indexes that are reserved for special purposes. As of right now those indexes are 9, 17 and 18 and they are not used.

Commit message:

Tons of things. Direct folder saving, output cleanup, ocean color, generate template .txt for SE

README.md, after:

# VoxelMapConverter
Tool to convert Ace of Spades maps to MagicaVoxel files for use in Sectors Edge map making.

Ace of Spades was originally by Ben Aksoy. http://ace-spades.com

Later by Jagex. https://store.steampowered.com/app/224540/Ace_of_Spades_Battle_Builder/

MagicaVoxel by Ephtracy. https://ephtracy.github.io/

Check out Sector's Edge by Vercidium: https://sectorsedge.com

Special thanks to Timotheeee1 for letting me see his code for a similar project.

Ace of Spades map format: https://silverspaceship.com/aosmap/aos_file_format.html 
Note that Jagex AoS map files can be higher than 64 blocks tall

Vox format: https://github.com/ephtracy/voxel-model

# How to use
Download the Program folder with the .exe and support files 

Place Ace of Spades .vxl map in the Program folder and run the program

Put in the Ace of Spades map name. (If you want to convert MyMap.vxl, put in "MyMap")

Tell the program if you want it to keep the ocean blocks (Sector's Edge will not use them...)

Let the program parse the map.

Choose how many unique colors the map should keep. Can maximum be 251 due to MagicaVoxel limitations.

Give the program the name of the output file. Leave empty to place it directly where Sectors Edge loads it for the ship.

Let the program write the .vox file.

Tell the program if you want it to generate a template map.txt file for Sectors Edge specific configuration. 

Find the output file next to the program when done. 

Note that Ace of Spades maps have a bunch of "solid" blocks that it doesn't store color for. All these blocks are given color index 1 and can be changed in MagicaVoxel.
Sectors Edge has a number of block indexes that are reserved for special purposes. As of right now those indexes are 9, 17 and 18 and they are not used.
